Panning to a different section of the map.
	1. User clicks and drags the map display.
	2. The display moves, following the movement of the drag.
	3. User releases the click.
	
Zooming into a smaller section of the map.
	1. The user moves the cursor to where they want to zoom in and scrolls the mousewheel up.
	2. The display zooms in towards the cursor, maintaining the latitutude and longitude of
		the cursor relative to it's position on the display.

Zooming out to a larger section of the map.
	1. The user moves the cursor to where they want to zoom away from on the map and scrolls the mousewheel back.
	2. The display zooms out, away from the cursor, but maintaining the latitude and longitude
		at the position of the cursor relative to its position on the display.
		
Selecting a starting location
	1. The user clicks the button for choose a starting location.
	2. The user then clicks on the map where they would like their starting location to be.
	3. The map display hightlights their selected location.
	
	Variation 1: There are no locations to start from near where the user clicked.
	1. The map display doesn't update anything.
	2. The user may click again until they click near a location.
	3. The user may click the cancel button to stop choosing a starting location.

Selecting an ending location.
	1. The user clicks the button for choose an ending location.
	Otherwise the same as Selecting a starting location.
	
Getting directions from start to finish
	1. The user selects a starting location as previously indicated.
	2. The user selects an ending location as previously indicated.
	3. The user presses the directions button.
	3. The map display highlights a route from the start location to the end location.
	
Activationg GPS directions mode
	1. The user selects an ending location as previously described.
	2. The user presses the GPS directions button.
	3. The map display highlights a route from the current GPS coordinates to the destination.
	
User goes off course while in GPS directions mode.
	1. The program tells the user they have gone off course.
	2. If the user continues to go off course, recalculate the directions.
	
Deactivating GPS directions mode
	1. The user clicks the deactivate GPS button.