Panning to a different section of the map.
	1. User clicks and drags the map display.
	2. The display moves, mainting the latitude and longitude of the users cursor
		 wherever they move the cursor.
	3. User releases the click.
	
Zooming into a smaller section of the map.
	1. The user moves the cursor to where they want to zoom in and scrolls the mousewheel up.
	2. The display zooms in towards the cursor, maintaining the latitutude and longitude of
		the cursor relative to it's position on the display.
	2a. If the user is in track position mode it zooms into the GPS position.

Zooming out to a larger section of the map.
	1. The user moves the cursor to where they want to zoom away from on the map and scrolls the mousewheel back.
	2. The display zooms out, away from the cursor, but maintaining the latitude and longitude
		at the position of the cursor relative to its position on the display.
	2a. If the user is in track position mode it zooms away from the GPS position.
		
Selecting a starting location
	1. The user moves the mouse until they have highlighted a node they would like to be the start node.
	2. The user then left clicks on the map.
	3. The map display hightlights their selected location.
	
	Variation 1: There are no locations to start from near where the user clicked.
	1. The map display doesn't update anything.
	2. The user may click again until they click near a location.

Selecting an ending location.
	1. The same as selecting a starting location, but the user should right click instead of left click.
	
Getting directions from start to finish
	1. The user selects a starting location as previously indicated.
	2. The user selects an ending location as previously indicated.
	3. The user presses the directions button.
	3. The map display highlights a route from the start location to the end location.
	
Activationg GPS directions mode
	1. The user selects an ending location as previously described.
	2. The user activates their GPS.
	4. The user presses the Drive There button.
	5. The map display highlights a route from the current GPS coordinates to the destination.
	6. A panel to the right will display the directions in textual form, with distances for
		each segment.
	
User goes off course while in GPS directions mode.
	1. The program displays that the user has gone off course at the bottom of the screen.
	2. The program updates the users directions.
	
Deactivating GPS directions mode
	1. While in drive there mode, the user clicks the drive there button again.